# DVC-CC: Using live output
This site is an extension of the [main tutorial](Get_Started.md). Make sure you read it before you read this site.

In this site, we want first to take a look at the console output that is generated by the script of the
[main tutorial](Get_Started.md), and second, have a live view of an output file that is continuously created by the script.

## The console output
Every run that was started with DVC-CC will create a file in the right folder that includes the std-output of your script.
This file is saved at the DVC storage server. If you are interested in having access to this kind of file, you can
use "dvc-cc live-output" and this command will create for you a sshfs mount from the live output folder of your
storage server to the folder **tmp_live_output**. In this folder, you can access all the live output data that are
grouped in folders.

If you are in the right folder of your experiment you find a file that includes the std-output of the dvc-cc-agent
 script that also runs your code.

> **Warning**: In the current version the live output will be never deleted. If you run out of space you just could
    delete this files. In future versions, this could be done automatically.

If the job is done, we can always take a look at the output with `dvc-cc status -d` or by success, you can take a
look at the result branch to get the std-output.

## Other output
If your script generates live output data (i.e., writes every epoch of training some data, like tensorboard), then you could
be interested in analyzing this data live. For this you need to add `-l name_of_the_file_or_folder` to the `dvc-cc run` command.
For the tensorboard it would look something like: `dvc-cc run -l tensorboard`

> **Warning**: In the current version the live output will be never deleted. If you run out of space you just could
    delete this files. In future versions, this could be done automatically.
